Hello and this is the second part of the assembly
lego tiger keep doing so in
the first part I did not finish talking about what
if you want to put the doors
200 new machine door
then you have to put these round
stand the doors themselves
so on whom and here if you want so
as the month suggested, look
we take the corner well in short here here
here you don't need holes
do not need anyone and do not take here
this kind of 2 and so we take here
so small if you leave here
here and if we look below then we
it will be like this if we are
exactly in the middle of these details
set later
level 4 on 1 and put here and here
as we also have eye turns four
legs and put there then take two here
such if a minute will force them 4
around the middle here is a reel
take three of these in the gun can be all
do 3 3 like this
and 1 is one who does not have and already said
layers make a cannon tiger eye different
there may be such a length
as much as possible anyway their different
build
everyone gave their way then 26 ema
will become to watch 61 and perch
I remember such a round twig and put here
so from here
then we lay down the house to be the largest of
will succeed
and we now have the hatch can be opened here
and here we can put the little man
There is cut off with him legs and put
its like this then so it closes here
so he sealed then made a flag
so these are familiar to all toothy
parts are not then gray such a part 2
here you can draw
german flag and steel it's all like this and
well, that 's so clear to everyone, even with
At first glance I like even a lotus 1
laugh as soon as these said my wheel and
semi have it with your best ready now
we attach
respectively on the hull where faces on
This killed if she me white the can
it is you and not the hero's easier will not
wearing here is your rushing just class
measure
from this side it looks like a class from this
where the motor-wheel well, now the women's skills
let's try attach our
little men
the killers are the same as the Russians
although such a story could happen that
not sharp tanka tiger they will say it is 84
and then some kind of defenseless soldier
which even the knife was not he subjugated
loved the tools this tiger then
said to all his russians that he too
adroit because he painted the tiger layer
and became the ruler of this tetra show and
I called my soldiers they have not yet
all of them are still many even towers of them even
buy 360 degrees this century
percent so no need in the world view
that she turns is necessary after all 360
degrees true when u well lovers
cats
let's consider the tower important with us
such a captain tag with a grenade such
a revolver and then here's my
each show is now sitting on the case
sit here near yourself ready here all here
there was a machine gun still spinning to the left
nobody pays attention he's offended
at us on this all subscribe
put likes write in the comments yet
until